going on YouTube I just want to a little
quick video on my RC car I traxxas
stampede just want to show you guys
something cool that you can kind of
customize your vehicle you know if you
wanted to just something fun to do I
just got some regular tire tire paint
it's hot colors hot tires rather from a
local you know car shop car store
O'Reilly basically and you can kind of
just customize your tires kind of give
them a little unique look you know I
mean I just did kind of a quick job
any-anything perfect but uh kind of set
your car apart from pedino other people
just something just something to do and
it's not you know it's not hard at all
just a little something fun to do it
gives it a really neat look and you can
see at least I thought it did I thought
it kind of looked pretty cool do you do
they make different colors you know she
can go with different color but I
thought the white went really good with
my body since already got white you know
outlines and stuff just got this guy the
other day that's it here trying to tune
it up it's a nitro it's a 15 motor on it
it's actually a Rustler but I've got
Stampede tires on it with wheels and
tires there's the other ones over there
actually how can try do a little
something of those two why when I had
the paint out but uh anyway just wanted
to show you guys thought you might be
interested in that like it subscribe
I'll be making a lot of videos here in
the future leave me a comment if you
thought this was interesting appreciate